Spark provides programmers with an application programming interface centered
on a data structure called the resilient distributed dataset (RDD), a read-only
multiset of data items distributed over a cluster of machines, that is
maintained in a fault-tolerant way. It was developed in response to limitations
in the MapReduce cluster computing paradigm, which forces a particular linear
dataflow structure on distributed programs: MapReduce programs read input data
from disk, map a function across the data, reduce the results of the map, and
store reduction results on disk. Spark's RDDs function as a working set for
distributed programs that offers a (deliberately) restricted form of
distributed shared memory.  The system will ship as part of this summer's
Anniversary Update for Windows 10. WSL has two parts; there's the core
subsystem, which is already included in Insider Preview builds of the operating
system, and then a package of software that Canonical will provide. The core
subsystem is what provides the Linux API on Windows, including the ability to
natively load Linux executables and libraries. Canonical will provide bash and
all the other command-line tools that are expected in a Linux environment.
Microsoft is positioning WSL strictly as a tool for developers, with a
particular view to supporting Web developers and the open source software
stacks that they depend on. Many developers are very familiar with the bash
shell, with building software using make and gcc, and editing text in vi or
emacs. WSL will give these developers versions of these tools that are equal in
just about every regard to the ones you get on Linux, because they'll be the
ones you get on Linux running unmodified on Windows.  With that developer
focus, Microsoft isn't supporting WSL as a deployment platform. It might be
possible to run, for example, the Apache Web server under WSL, and it might
even be useful to do so for development, but the intent is not that
applications would ever be run in production with this configuration.
